we came up with a new game today and I
want to share it with you it's called
don't talk into the mic and win ten
dollars so here's how its work we hold a
microphone up to a person on the street
space we tell them not to talk into it
and if they don't talk into it they win
ten dollars which is why it's called
don't talk into the michael win ten
dollars and you haven't you understand
the concept here all right well let's
see how people did it's a game called
don't talk into this mic and win ten
dollars
okay oh you lost it right like that
don't speak into this mic and win ten
dollars
don't speak in sorry about that sorry
about that
don't speak into this mic and win ten
dollars okay don't hum yes and you lost
this lost $1 don't speak into the mic
and win ten dollars don't play I
would've ah ah you were gonna spend it
on weed right yeah don't speak into the
mic and win $10 don't speak in the mic
now intend oh ah you just lost $10
you're just watching dollars
I said don't speak it I'm like if you
spoke of the mic it's too late don't
play again yeah go again ah I'm sorry
they just like then don't talk into this
mic and win ten dollars
there you go
[Applause]
[Music]